hey guys Crete here from camera gazer
dot-com today we're gonna be taking a
look at the Canon PowerShot ELPH or elf
110 HS now this is the Canon PowerShot
ELPH or elf 110 HS it's kind of a long
name for a camera for short for this
review we'll be calling it the 110 it is
a small compact point-and-shoot camera
great for anybody who wants you to snap
those shots on a daily basis something
small to fit in to their bag or their
pocket just a normal everyday carry
around camera now the 110 comes in a
multitude of different colors ranging
from this black version to a silver
version to a blue version to a green
version and even a red version for you
ladies out there even the pink version
is available so you can choose from a
multitude of different colors the 110
has 16 point 1 megapixels and is
backside illuminated with the CMOS
sensor it weighs four point eight pounds
and the lens extends and retracts for a
35 millimeter equivalent to 24 to 120
millimeters on the widest end you'll be
getting a two point seven f-stop while
on the furthest end you'll be getting a
five point nine f-stop the 110 takes
full advantage of those 16 point 1
megapixels for a clear crisp picture
also giving you full 1080p 24 frames per
second video and a 30 frames per second
video if you're doing 720p the ISO
ranges from 100 to 3200 so you'll be
great at night with those shots and on
the top is one of the coolest features
that I think is available is that
there's a switch you can switch it back
and forth and it basically does it
between auto mode and a program mode the
auto mode will take in the scenery and
choose the best mode for you so you can
be almost hands-off with this camera
besides pressing the shutter button or
if you wish to take more advantage of
the camera you can switch it over into
the camera mode itself and you can
customize all of those settings although
there is no full manual mode program
mode is the closest that you can get
before getting into my conclusion of
this camera we're going to go take a
look at some
video and still test shots to show off
the variability of this camera
so what's good about the 1:10 well it
produces some nice overall photos and
videos very lightweight and small which
is very nice it has an ultra wide-angle
lens but it can also get very close into
those shots the auto mode is great for
people who may be first-time camera
users overall it's a nice camera to have
if you wanted to just slip it in your
bag or your pocket and just want to go
out on the day with it it's got tons of
great shooting modes and you can
generally play around with this camera
do some testing tweaking z' it's a great
camera for anybody starting or 2 months
something that doesn't need a lot of
work or maintenance to get to know all
right and let's talk about bad in
low-light low-light performance isn't
that great it does produce some very
noisy photos and the features in the
photo can be very softened so it's not
that well in low-light situations so
make sure you do have enough light for
all your photos but it will take
low-light shots which is great its
maximum ISO is 3200 so granted you can't
be in an almost pitch dark room but you
can get pretty dark maybe out on the
town with street lights overhead to take
some pretty good photos lastly the
battery life isn't so well again like I
said only lasts about a hundred and
seventy shots which can be a little
detrimental to you if you're gonna be
snapping photos very quickly and very
often around the town so you might need
to pick up an extra battery to take with
you because for me a hundred and seventy
shots is an average maybe hour of shots
that I take so you might need to buy an
extra battery or keep something around
to keep that battery charged so let's
get down to the bottom line the camera
is lightweight it's small it can take
great pictures for the relative size
that the camera is at yes the battery
life may be a little bit detrimental to
you but depending on what you're doing
on a daily basis and using the camera
for that 170 shots is going to be
absolutely fine
it takes SD cards which is great almost
everybody these days has SD cards takes
full 1080p video that's the main reason
why I got this
cameras I want to use as a vlog camera
and it works great for that it's easy as
lightweight its handheld has an ultra
wide-angle lens so I don't need any
attachments or to hold it out too far
from me when I want to speak to it the
audio is crisp as well when you're
relatively close to it so it's a great
overall video camera as well if you're
gonna be doing some casual amateur video
so if you should buy it sure I know that
the 130 is out and the reason why it
went over the 110 is that it does 1080p
video has more megapixels and is using
the digit 5 processor if you look at
something like the Canon 130 it's
actually using the digit 4 processor so
what it's supposed to be the successor
to this camera is actually a step back
in many ways so if you're considering
getting the 110 over the 130 consider
getting the 110 just because of the
advanced technology inside again it
comes with many different colors works
very well for anybody has an auto turn
off feature like you just saw has a
tripod mount has external HDMI and AV
outs has a wristband it's a great camera
for anybody who's traveling wanting
something lightweight it's perfect for
that the 110 is available from Amazon
you can get it there by going to LG IC
co / 110 that will bring you to the
Amazon page to go pick this up you can
pick it up for about a hundred and fifty
hundred thirty dollars so it's
relatively cheap camera for the quality
that you're getting out of it so
consider getting it if you're looking
for a cheap point-and-shoot camera maybe
for a family member maybe for yourself
maybe even want to do vlogs go ahead
check it out
the Canon PowerShot ELPH or else 110 HS
before we go please follow us on our
social media profiles Facebook Twitter
Google+ all under the username of camera
gazer of course you can follow me
personally twitter.com slash Creighton I
will always be there to answer any
photography questions for you guys you
can also head over to our forms forms
dot camera gazer comm go ahead click
that sign up button join the forums
say hi Cher any questions that you might
have that our community can answer so
thanks again for watching this video
review again any questions any comments
any general things that you want to tell
me email me Creighton at camera gazer
dot-com until next time we'll see you
guys later